So now, it's time to see if you can define a days between dates procedure,
that would produce approximate correct results using the current next day procedure.
If we had a correct next day procedure,
your days between dates should produce exactly correct results.
And I am going to suggest one thing as a hint,
doing days between dates by itself is still going to
be more complicated than we want one procedure to be.
So, I'm going to encourage you to start by defining a helper procedure,
and if you're following the problem solving strategy we've set out so far,
you should test the helper procedure independently
before you try to build the complete days between dates procedure.
But I'm going to leave it up to you to figure out
what would be a useful helper procedure, and how to